Documentation: Dependencies and version numbers updated (#83)
KATRIN-Experiment/Kassiopeia: Documentation/gh-pages/source/compiling.rst

Required dependencies
---------------------

- CMake_ version |CMakeVersion| or higher
- g++ version |gccVersion| or higher (if compiling with GCC_)
- clang++ version |clangVersion| or higher (if compiling with Clang_)
- GSL_
- Boost_ version |BoostVersion| or higher
- ROOT_ version |ROOTVersion| or higher

>  - \--enable-minuit2 (if you want to use KaFit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
`KaFit` is not part of `Kassiopeia`.

> - ROOT_ version |ROOTVersion| or higher
> 
>  - \--enable-minuit2 (if you want to use KaFit)
>  - \--enable-fftw3 (if you want to use KEMField)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ROOT_ version |ROOTVersion| or higher (built with flag ``--enable-fftw3``)
```

One can't really use `Kassiopeia` without `KEMField`. Also `KaFit` is not part of Kassiopeia.
